Street - what's up Street foodies thanks
for tuning in to another edition of
street food season 2 new snacks every
Friday it's time for another family
adventure - back street yeah we're quite
a spectacle being a foreigner in this
part of xi'an is basically like being a
celebrity unlike the city centre in
North Xian we're almost always shocked
if we see another Anglo and if
fair-skinned is the equivalent of Fame
and having foreign children that makes
us from rock stars we know about a
thousand ways to say cute in Chinese
journey and River may as well be
princesses of a utopian planet based on
the attention that they get even on our
canvas the attention can get kind of
annoying and especially uncomfortable
for the girls but we still try to get
out as often as we can
there's an exercise park on the way - ho
Jia the journey treats as a playground
what is this one called maybe not right
now and what did they do
thank you cellphone paparazzi the polite
ones asked first but with so many cell
phone video cameras journey and River
are most likely all over Chinese YouTube
in fact we were featured in the national
iran chinese magazine called modern lady
the article claims to have interviewed
us which never happened this is just a
picture that somebody took on the subway
with their cell phone one thing is
certain
when journey and river are around we
never have a hard time meeting people
today we're going out for a snack the
whole family can enjoy john - though
these are basically chinese home fries
john needs to deep-fry there's a vendor
on back street who always has a vat of
potatoes in various stages of the
deep-frying process after frying they
mix the home fries with some spices
journey of course for first version
plane if you get them fully loaded they
come with Szechuan pepper which i'm not
a big fan of so we get ours with cumin
chili pepper and sesame seeds of course
we like to make home fries ourself to
just diced potato boil it for a few
minutes and you can cook them on a
skillet if you don't own a deep fryer
i'll tell you a trick for good home
fries don't stir them or flip them until
they a fully browned on one side
otherwise look at all crumbly um kind of
a home fry expert John - though it's an
American classic with a Chinese chili
pepper twist you'll enjoy this snack if
you try it's like a one-way ticket on a
train - awesome you're down with home
fries give me a shout especially if
you've tried this shiny variety or
anything in its respective ballpark
until next week eat it on the street
watch out for
parasite